what if your customers had access to
your best deals from their mobile phone
at any time and what if your customers
could search for your offers from their
mobile phone while they are out what if
you could send a couponer message
directly to a list of your customers and
what if you could promote your business
on every cell phone for a fraction of
the cost of printed coupons and here's
the best part what if over ninety-five
percent of your customers read your
message within the first 30 seconds of
receiving it introducing coupons the
internet's most advanced on-the-go
marketing system coupons offers the
easiest and most convenient mobile
coupon platform to reach your customers
on the go and it's compatible with over
240 million cell phones in the united
states you can increase revenue in
traffic by using mobile coupons to think
about it cell phones are always with the
consumers and have the power to call to
action advertising with coupons enables
your customers to access your offers any
time they want through their mobile
phone they can send your coupons to
their phone and you can send your
coupons to their phone start advertising
with mobile before the competition does
go green and save green coupon com
stands behind our slogan offering the
greener way to promote your business
that anyone can afford here are just a
few of coupon system features unlimited
coupons ads or information pieces with
no content restrictions you can put as
much information you want into an add
and edit it at any time we have complete
online editing management and reporting
tools
your business can be searched by
category zip code city or even keyword
which allows customers to directly
request your coupons every one of your
internet ads are converted automatically
to fit mobile phone browsers and coupons
utilizes GPS and google maps to help
your customers find you when they're on
the go and you're not alone our staff
will help build attractive and effective
ads that incorporate in your logo any
graphics barcodes web codes website URLs
and much much more one of coupons most
exciting features is the built-in text
message marketing this feature will
enable you to broadcast text message
coupons directly to hundreds or
thousands of your subscribers all with
the click of a mouse button using this
feature will enable you to send a
special sale of emotion directly to your
customers cell phones within minutes so
how does it work well it's simple really
your customers are out there looking for
a deal a way to save some money you can
provide that to them instantly by using
our system simply instruct your
customers to send a text message to
shortcode 368 266 and text the words
cool pond plus the keyword that you
choose for your business within minutes
they'll receive the coupon or message
that you've set up in your back office
you can try the demo yourself send a
text message to shortcode 368 266 and
text the words cool pond space video and
within minutes you'll receive the demo
couponer message that we have set up in
our back office with the coupon system
your coupons or special offers are
advertised and promoted through the
internet mobile web and SMS text
messaging and guess what your customers
will promote this for you because it's
new when it's cool by going mobile
you'll expand your customer base and
increase your response rate between
thirty and fifty percent your customers
will get you new customers and you can't
beat word-of-mouth advertising
it's time you stop relying on the usual
means of marketing and use the coupon
system to enhance your marketing and
make new customers you can get the
complete coupon system today just
contact us that's cool pond 877 260 5059
or visit w WQ upon com
you